(child) Tell me the duck story.
Bam, bam, bam, ba dam, ba dam.
A duck walked up to a lemonade stand,
and he said to the man running the stand,
(Duck) "Hey!"
♪Bam, bam, bam♪
(Duck) "Got any grapes?"
♪(Instrumentals) ♪
The man said, "No, we just sell lemonade.
But it's cold, and its fresh,
and it's all homemade!
Can I get you a glass?"
The duck said, "I'll pass."
♪Then he waddled away♪
♪Waddle, waddle. 'Til the very next day♪
♪Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam ba bam♪
♪When the duck walked up♪
♪to the lemonade stand♪
♪and he said to the man♪
♪running the stand♪ "Hey!"
♪Bam, bam, bam♪
(Duck)"Got any grapes?"
♪(Instrumentals) ♪
The man said, "No, like I said
yesterday, we just sell lemonade. Okay?
Why not give it a try."
The duck said, "Goodbye."
♪Then he waddled away. Waddle, waddle ♪
♪'Til the very next day♪
♪Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam ba bam♪
♪When the duck walked up♪
♪to the lemonade stand♪
♪and he said to the man♪
♪running the stand♪ "Hey!"
♪Bam, bam, bam♪
(Duck)"Got any grapes?"
♪(Instrumentals) ♪
The man said, "Look, this is getting old.
I mean, lemonade's all we've ever sold.
(Man) Why not give it a go?"
The duck said, "How about no?"
♪Then he waddled away. Waddle, waddle♪
♪Then he waddled away♪
♪Waddle, waddle, waddle♪
♪Then he waddled away. Waddle, waddle♪
♪'Til the very next day♪
♪Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam ba bam♪
♪When the duck walked up♪
♪to the lemonade stand♪
♪and he said to the man♪
♪running the stand ♪ "Hey!"
♪Bam, bam, bam ♪
(Duck)"Got any grapes?"
The man said, "That's it!
(Man) If you don't stay away duck
(Man) I'll glue you to a tree and
(Man) leave you there all day, stuck.
(Man) So don't get to close."
The duck said, "Adios!"
♪Then he waddled away. Waddle, waddle♪
♪Then he waddled away♪
♪Waddle, waddle, waddle♪
♪Then he waddled away. Waddle, waddle♪
♪'Til the very next day♪
♪Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam ba bam♪
♪When the duck walked up♪
♪to the lemonade stand♪
♪and he said to the man♪
♪running the stand♪ "Hey!"
♪Bam, bam, bam♪
(Duck) "Got any glue?"
(Man) "What?"
(Duck)"Got any glue?"
(Man)"No, why would I...oh."
(Duck)"Then one more question for you...
♪(Instrumentals) ♪
(Duck)got any grapes?"
♪Bam, bam, bam. Bam, bam, bam♪
♪(Instrumentals) ♪
And the man just stopped,
then he started to smile.
He started to laugh.
He laughed for a while.
He said, "Come on, duck!
(Man) Let's walk to the store.
(Man) I'll buy you some grapes so
(Man) you won't have to ask anymore."
♪(Instrumentals) ♪
So they walked to the store
and the man bought some grapes.
He gave one to the duck and the duck said,
(Duck) "Hmm...no thanks.
(Duck) But you know
what sounds good?
(Duck) It would make my day...
(Duck) do you think the store...
(Duck) has any lemonade?"
♪Then he waddled away. Waddle, waddle♪
♪Then he waddled away♪
♪Waddle, waddle, waddle♪
♪Then he waddled away. Waddle, waddle♪